= High Expectation Teaching =
"Of all possible things we can do as teachers and teaching assistants, the one thing that has been found to have the _greatest impact_ on learning is to have 
_high expectations_ of your students."

== Coaching for learning ==
 - is a systematic, goal-oriented approach
 - aims to motivate students and keep them motivated by: 
   - Asking stimulating questions that help the learning process and make feedback possible.
   - Providing effective feedback that has a positive influence on learning.
   - Giving a limited number of clues.
   - Giving feedback about the task and the learner.

=== Questions ===
*A question*
   - gives students the opportunity to think (wait at least 10 seconds)
   - allows students to do the work
   - creates the possibility to give feedback
   - should be alternated with feedback (3:1 ratio)
   - Too many can cause the student to feel insecure, and put the confidence of the student at risk
*Ask:*
   - up = asking students about the goal of the assignment and about their own goals
   - back = asking students about their opinion on their own work, behavior or conviction.
   - forward = asking students questions about the next step
    
*Category 1*
   - questions that can be answered with a yes or no
   - questions about facts
   - rhethorical questions
   _Examples_ : "What was the last thing you added to the beaker before it blew up?"
   
*Category 2*
   - questions regarding content
   - questions regarding strategy
   - questions regarding modus (state of mind and emotions)
   
   _Examples_ : Content->"Up until what point did you understand?", Strategy->"What would you do differently next time?"

*Category 3*
   - questions about cognitive self-regulation
   - questions about how students manage their own learning and state of mind (modus management)
   - questions about: the prep for learning, the control during learning, the reflection after learning.

    _Examples_ : Cognitive self-regulation->"How can you make sure that you will follow the plan?", Modus management->"In what way did your feelings about this kind of     problem influence your results?"

=== Feedback ===
   - is aimed at progress or discrepancies in relation to the goal
   - has a large impact on student motivation and student learning
   - stimulates students' feelings of autonomy and competence
   - improves your relationship with your students when you provide it constructively and effectively

*Feed*
   - up = provide info. about the general goal of the assignment
   - back = provide info. on the student's work 
   - forward = provide info. about the next steps to the goal

Too much negative feedback:
   - can cause students to start to believe they need clues because they do not think they can perform on their own
   - puts the autonomy of the student at risk (student not motivated to think because the (s)he is helped by the teacher)
   - can affect the student's confidence

Tips:
   - observe how the student reacts and, if necessary, build in a check by asking about the student's reaction explicitly. The intent of the provider (you) is relevant
     but it is the reciever who ultimately determines the meaning of the feedback
   - check that students are using the feedback
   - the ratio positive to negative feedback should be 3:1

=== Clues ===
   - is a short instruction about what the student _could_ or _should_ do
   - provides info. about how to take the next step
   - subtly diff. from neg. feedback (FB -> "The strategy you are using is wrong.", Clue -> "You need to use a diff. strategy")
   - should be alternated with feedback to activate your students

*Content clues*
   - give away a little of the content to help students advance
   - are okey to use if the student is putting in effort as well
   - must be short
   - often preceded by feedback or followed by a question
_Example_: "You will need to evaluate which design method is the most appropriate."

*Strategy clues*
   - focus on how students can answer the questions themselves or solve problems themshelves
   - do not include providing (part of) the answer
_Example_: "The best way to approach this is to read everything first and to make a plan before you attempt to answer."

Too many clues
   - can cause students to start to believe they need clues 
   - puts the student's autonomy at risk
   - can negatively affect students' feeling of confidence

Ideas to stop giving too many clues:
   - give students a max. number of clues
   - check whether the clue is actually necessary, i.e., "Do you want a clue?"

[[CoachingIntoPracticeAssignment]]

