=Description=
A student has a very hard time understand a specific type of problem (related to Data Structures), such as proving a loop invariant. The student might even feel unmotivated because of the struggles they are having with this specific type of question.

==Describe how you would approach helping the student.==
Firstly, I would try to pinpoint exactly where the problem is, i.e., through (category 2) questions, determine what the student does not understand.

If there is a general step, I would focus on that specific step, making sure to guide the student towards the solution, starting with more support, and giving less support over time.

If the student does not understand the problem in general, I would try to work through the whole problem as a whole, with a similar strategy of starting off with more support, and slowly giving the student more freedom and independence.

==Write down what questions you could ask the student.==

To pin-point where the student is having a problem, I would first ask questions along the lines of "What part is unclear to you?"/"What part of the problem do you get stuck on?".

From there, once the student starts understanding the problem a bit more I would ask questions about the material to make the student think about different aspects (this can be questions about facts, for example).

==Based on the possible responses to these questions, write down what feedback you could give.==

As stated earlier, the questions would pinpoint what part of the problem the student is having a hard time understanding. Based on the answer, I would focus on 
specific parts of the problem if the student is stuck on a more specific thing, and I would focus on the problem as a whole if the student is having a hard time 
understanding it in general.
 
==Write down what clues you could give the student.==

More general clues could be about, for example, the steps that should be followed when proving the loop invariant, or what the loop invariant should be.

More specific clues could be about specific sections of the loop invariant, such as how the termination of the loop invariant should look like.
