== Video ==
Biggest issue is how much of it is recieved. When feedback is given to whole class, students always think "it's not for me".
We want to worry about what feedback is recieved by a student. It is important to understand how the student interprets the feedback.
As you are giving feedback, stop and listen to how it is being interpreted.

== Giving effective feedback ==
=== What makes feedback effective? ===
It needs to have these qualities:
 - It is (mostly) *specific* and *purpose driven*
     - _Only_ saying "Well done" or "wrong!" is insufficient.
     - Describe the action/task you are giving feedback on, e.g.: "You have looked up methods that you were unfamiliar with so that you could fully answer the 
       question. That is such a good approach to take!"
     - Telling a student who has just performed well: "Good job!" does have a positive impact on the learning climate, so don't stop giving simple positive feedback.
     - The ratio between specific to non-specific feedback should be 2/3 to 1/3.
 - It is *not too long*.
 - The *ratio* between *positive* and *negative* feedback is *3:1*
     - Too much negative feedback has a big impact on students' self-esteem, often causing them to shut down all together.
     - Too much negative feedback also reduces investigative behavior and increases the fear of making mistakes.
     - Don't just say three positive things to get to the negative or just a _feedback sandwich_ approach, this comes accross as insincere.

== Types of feedback ==
There are two types of feedback which have a positive impact on learning and on motivation.

=== Discrepancy feedback === 
Present -> Future

*BENEFITS FOR STUDENTS*
  - Lets the student know what they know and can do right now
  - Makes the goal clear
  - Makes it clear what the student still needs to do to reach the goal

Answers *_all three_* questions:
  - Where am I now? (curr. situation)
  - Where am I going? (desired situation)
  - What do I need to do to get there? (how to close the gap)

=== Progress feedback ===
Past -> Present

*BENEFITS FOR STUDENTS*
  - Gives confidence
  - Shows effort is paying off
  - Shows teacher is paying attention to their individual effort and achievement

Answers the questions:
  - What have I achieved already?
  - What am I doing better than I was before?


== Levels of feedback ==
=== Task, content and product level ===
*Purpose:* To describe how well tasks have been understood and performed.

*Characteristics*
  - Subject-specific
  - Indicates correct/incorrect
  - Builds task knowledge

_Examples_
  - "Yes, 3145 is the correct answer."

=== Progress and strategy level ===
*Purpose:* To describe the main process needed to understand/perform tasks.

*Characteristics*
  - Provides connections between ideas.
  - Provides clues about different strategies.
  - Employs task strategies for identifying errors.

_Examples_
  - "I see that you are using method X to solve this problem, that is a good choice!"

=== Self-regulation and metacognition level ===
*Purpose:* Helps students self-monitor, direct and regulate their actions.

*Characteristics*
  - Helps students indentify feedback themselves.
  - Provides opportunities and awareness of deliberate practice/effort.
  - Develops confidence to pursue learning.

_Examples_
  - "You prevented making mistakes by carefully reading the questions."














