= Fundamental psycological needs =
Competence, relatedness and autonomy.


*Suggestions:*
1. Set clear attainable goals for the students. Giving the students learning objectives for the tutor hours (can be something like, every tutor hour we will make sure we fully understand a specific exercise), students will have a more clear idea of what to aim for and will be more motivated to work.

2. Providing different dynamics within the tutor hours and allowing students to choose their preferred one. This can be, for example, working in pairs where one person grades the others work, or working individually on the same task and then solving it together, etc....

*Examples*:

_Autonomy_:
1. Giving students the choice of how the tutor hours are carried out, which I usually receive as a student. For example, either everyone tries the problem
individually and then it's worked out together, or everyone works on it together from the start.
2. Giving students the choice of what problems/exercises to do.

_Competence_:
1. Specific and constructive feedback is something I experienced which helped me within my study and which I aim to utilize as a TA, to show students their progress.
2. Offering students opportunities to be the ones to explain a problem they understand to the rest of the students.

_Relatedness_:
1. Working within groups is something I experience often within my study, and I aim to encourage students to do the same, with, for example, solving problems together.
2. Tutors I had in the past were always open to me asking questions, even outside of the "tutor hours", and I aim to give students the same experience.
